<!-- Page 9 -->
10 Collyer Quay, #19-01 - #19-05 Ocean Financial Centre, Singapore 049315
Telephone: (65) 6713 0473
Notice to Japanese investors: This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited and intended to be distributed to Financial Services Providers or Registered
Financial Institutions engaged in investment management (as defined in the Japan Financial Instruments and Exchange Act ("FIEL") Art. 61(1), Order for Enforcement of FIEL Art. 17-11(1), and related
articles).
Notice to UK and European Union investors: This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited. This research is directed at persons having professional
experience in matters relating to investments. Any investment or investment activity to which this research relates is available only to such persons or will be engaged in only with such persons.
Persons who do not have professional experience in matters relating to investments should not rely on this research. Haitong International Securities Company Limited’s affiliates may have a net
long or short financial interest in excess of 0.5% of the total issued share capital of the entities mentioned in this research report. Please be aware that any report in English may have been published
previously in Chinese or another language.
Notice to Australian investors: The research report is distributed in Australia by Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd, Haitong International Securities Company Limited, and Haitong
International Securities (UK) Limited in reliance on ASIC Corporations (Repeal and Transitional) Instrument 2016/396, which exempts those HTISG entities from the requirement to hold an Australian
financial services license under the Corporations Act 2001 in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale clients in Australia. A copy of the ASIC Class Orders may be obtained at the
following website, www.legislation.gov.au. Financial services provided by Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd, Haitong International Securities Company Limited, and Haitong
International Securities (UK) Limited are regulated under foreign laws and regulatory requirements, which are different from the laws applying in Australia.
Notice to Indian investors: The research report is distributed by Haitong Securities India Private Limited (“HSIPL”), an Indian company and a Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) registered
Stock Broker, Merchant Banker and Research Analyst that, inter alia, produces and distributes research reports covering listed entities on the BSE Limited (“BSE”) and the National Stock Exchange of
India Limited (“NSE”) (collectively referred to as “Indian Exchanges”).
Name of the entity: Haitong Securities India Private Limited
SEBI Research Analyst Registration Number: INH000002590
Address : 1203A, Floor 12A, Tower 2A, One World Center
841 Senapati Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road, Mumbai 400 013, India
CIN U74140MH2011FTC224070
Ph: +91 22 43156800 Fax:+91 22 24216327
Details of the Compliance Officer and Grievance Officer : Prasanna Chandwaskar : Ph: +91 22 43156803; Email id: prasanna.chandwaskar@htisec.com
“Please note that Registration granted by SEBI and Certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors”.
This research report is intended for the recipients only and may not be reproduced or redistributed without the written consent of an authorized signatory of HTISG.
Copyright: Haitong International Securities Group Limited 2019. All rights reserved.
http://equities.htisec.com/x/legal.html
7