<!-- Page 10 -->
841 Senapati Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road, Mumbai 400 013, India
CIN U74140MH2011FTC224070
电话: +91 22 43156800 传真:+91 22 24216327
合规和申诉办公室联系人： Prasanna Chandwaskar ；电话: +91 22 43156803; 电子邮箱: prasanna.chandwaskar@htisec.com
“请注意，SEBI 授予的注册和 NISM 的认证并不保证中介的表现或为投资者提供任何回报保证”。
本项研究仅供收件人使用，未经海通国际的书面同意不得予以复制和再次分发。
版权所有：海通国际证券集团有限公司2019年。保留所有权利。
People’s Republic of China (PRC): In the PRC, the research report is directed for the sole use of those who receive the research report in accordance with the applicable PRC laws and regulations.
Further, the information on the research report does not constitute "production and business activities in the PRC" under relevant PRC laws. This research report does not constitute a public offer
of the security, whether by sale or subscription, in the PRC. Further, no legal or natural persons of the PRC may directly or indirectly purchase any of the security or any beneficial interest therein
without obtaining all prior PRC government approvals or licenses that are required, whether statutorily or otherwise. Persons who come into possession of this research are required to observe
these restrictions.
Notice to Canadian Investors: Under no circumstances is this research report to be construed as an offer to sell securities or as a solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction of Canada.
Any offer or sale of the securities described herein in Canada will be made only under an exemption from the requirements to file a prospectus with the relevant Canadian securities regulators and
only by Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc., a dealer relying on the “international dealer exemption” under National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing
Registrant Obligations (“NI 31-103”) in Alberta, British Columbia, Ontario and Quebec. This research report is not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, a prospectus, an offering
memorandum, an advertisement or a public offering of any securities in Canada. No securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon this
research report, the information contained herein or the merits of the securities described herein and any representation to the contrary is an offence. Upon receipt of this research report, each
Canadian recipient will be deemed to have represented that the investor is an “accredited investor” as such term is defined in section 1.1 of National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or,
in Ontario, in section 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), as applicable, and a “permitted client” as such term is defined in section 1.1 of NI 31-103, respectively.
Notice to Singapore investors: This research report is provided in Singapore by or through Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“HTISSPL”). HTISSPL is an Exempt Financial Adviser
under the Financial Advisers Act 2001 (“FAA”) to (a) advise on securities, units in a collective investment scheme, exchange-traded derivatives contracts and over-the-counter derivatives contracts
and (b) issue or promulgate research analyses or research reports on securities, exchange-traded derivatives contracts and over-the-counter derivatives contracts. This research report is only provided
to institutional investors, within the meaning of Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001. Recipients of this research report are to contact HTISSPL via the details below in respect of any
matters arising from, or in connection with, the research report:
Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
10 Collyer Quay, #19-01 - #19-05 Ocean Financial Centre, Singapore 049315
Telephone: (65) 6713 0473
Notice to Japanese investors: This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited and intended to be distributed to Financial Services Providers or Registered
Financial Institutions engaged in investment management (as defined in the Japan Financial Instruments and Exchange Act ("FIEL") Art. 61(1), Order for Enforcement of FIEL Art. 17-11(1), and related
articles).
Notice to UK and European Union investors: This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited. This research is directed at persons having professional
experience in matters relating to investments. Any investment or investment activity to which this research relates is available only to such persons or will be engaged in only with such persons.
Persons who do not have professional experience in matters relating to investments should not rely on this research. Haitong International Securities Company Limited’s affiliates may have a net
long or short financial interest in excess of 0.5% of the total issued share capital of the entities mentioned in this research report. Please be aware that any report in English may have been published
previously in Chinese or another language.
Notice to Australian investors: The research report is distributed in Australia by Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd, Haitong International Securities Company Limited, and Haitong
International Securities (UK) Limited in reliance on ASIC Corporations (Repeal and Transitional) Instrument 2016/396, which exempts those HTISG entities from the requirement to hold an Australian
financial services license under the Corporations Act 2001 in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale clients in Australia. A copy of the ASIC Class Orders may be obtained at the
following website, www.legislation.gov.au. Financial services provided by Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd, Haitong International Securities Company Limited, and Haitong
International Securities (UK) Limited are regulated under foreign laws and regulatory requirements, which are different from the laws applying in Australia.
Notice to Indian investors: The research report is distributed by Haitong Securities India Private Limited (“HSIP